Document MCP server capabilities (#20593)
Homebrew/brew: docs/MCP-Server.md

# Homebrew's MCP Server

> Homebrew's MCP Server is the official MCP ([Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/)) server for Homebrew, enabling AI assistants like Cursor to interact with Homebrew directly, providing tools for package management, system diagnostics, and development workflows. It exposes common operations like package search/lookup, installation and removal, system updates, diagnostics and development tools so AI assistants can help maintain your system and develop new formulas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Homebrew's MCP Server is the official MCP ([Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/)) server for Homebrew, enabling AI assistants like Cursor, VS Code or Claude Code to interact with Homebrew directly, providing tools for various Homebrew commands e.g. `brew search`, `brew install`, `brew uninstall`, `brew upgrade`.
```

  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: @ivy Please remove this extra newline, thanks!
